Ooh.
Stop cheating.
Hey, what's up, hotshot?
How was the party?
Tell me about that tip.
What?
I wanna know about that tip.
Oh, baby, it's on!
It's so on, right now.
Calm down, all right?
I just need to know where it came from.
It's gotta be airtight.
Okay.
I was at a wine tasting
with my cousin Ernesto.
Which was mainly reds, and
you know I don't like reds, man.
But there was a rose that saved the day.
It was delightful.
And then he tells
me about this girl,
Emily, that we
used to kick it with.
It was actually the first
pair of boobs I ever touched.
It's the wrong details.
It has nothing to
do with the story.
Go.
So, uh, he tells me that she's
working as a
housekeeper now, right?
And she's dating
this dude, Carlos,
who's a shot caller
from across the bay.
And she tells him about the
dude that she's cleaning for.
Right?
That he's like this big-shot CEO
that is all retired
now, but he's loaded.
And so, Carlos and Ernesto
are on the same softball team,
and they get to talking, right?
And here comes the good part.
Carlos says, "Yo, man.
"This guy's got a
big-ass safe just
"sitting in the
basement, just chilling."
Of course Ernesto
comes to me because
he knows I got
mad thieving skills.
Of course, I ask him...
"Did Emily tell
Carlos to tell you
"to get to me what
kind of safe it was?"
And he says, "Nah, dawg.
"All she said is
that it's super-legit
"and whatever's in
it, it's gotta be good."
What?
Old man have safe.
And he's gone for a week.
All right.
There's an old man, he's got a safe,
and he's gone for a week.
Let's just work with that.
You know what I'm saying?
Landline's cut, cell
signal's jammed.
No one will be making
for distress call tonight.
Comm check.
- Check.
Hey, if the job goes bad, you
know I got your back, right?
Don't worry.
It's not gonna happen.
I love it when he gets cocky.
Damn!
Alarm is dead.
Nice.
All right, I'm moving
through the house.
There's a fingerprint
lock on the door.
It's got what?
Ernesto didn't tell me nothing about that.
Aw, man, are we screwed?
Not necessarily.
I'm in.
No alarms have been triggered.
He's in like the Flynn.
Oh, man.
What is it?
Well, they weren't kidding.
This safe is serious.
How serious are
we talking, Scotty?
It's a Carbondale.
It's from 1910.
Made from the same
steel as the Titanic.
Wow.
Can you crack it?
Well, here's the thing.
It doesn't do so well in the cold.
Remember what that iceberg did?
Yeah, man. It killed DiCaprio.
Killed everybody.
Did not kill the old lady.
She still throw the
jewel into the oceans.
What are you doing?
I poured water in the locking
mechanism and froze it with nitrogen.
Ice expands. Metal doesn't.
What are you doing now? Waiting.
Waiting.
Nice.
What is it? Cash? Jewels?
There's nothing here.
What did you say?
It's a suit. What?
It's an old motorcycle suit.
There's no cash,
no jewelry, nothing?
No.
It's a bust.
I'm really sorry, Scotty.
I know you needed to score.
Stark!
He doesn't seem happy.
Hello, Hank.
You're supposed to be in Moscow.
I took a detour...
Through your defense lab.
Tell me that isn't
what I think it is.
That depends if you think it's a
poor attempt to replicate my work.
Even for this group,
that takes nerve.
You were instructed
to go to Russia.
May I remind you, Dr. Pym,
that you're a soldier...
I'm a scientist.
Then act like one.
The Pym Particle is the most
revolutionary science ever developed.
Help us put it to good use.
I let you turn me
into your errand boy,
and now you try to
steal my research?
If only you'd protected Janet
with such ferocity, Dr. Pym.
Ah...
Easy, Hank.
You mention my wife again
and I'll show you ferocity.
Don't look at me. You said it.
I formally tender
my resignation.
We don't accept it. Formally.
Hank,
we need you.
The Pym Particle is a miracle.
Please.
Don't let your past
determine the future.
As long as I am alive,
nobody will ever
get that formula.
We shouldn't let him
leave the building.
You've already lied to him.
Now you want to go to war with him?
Yes.
Our scientists haven't come
close to replicating his work.
He just kicked
your ass, full-size.
You really want to find out what it's
like when you can't see him coming?
I've known Hank
Pym for a long time.
He's no security risk.
Unless we make him one.
Gamora.
Surgically modified and
trained as a living weapon.
The adopted daughter
of the Mad Titan, Thanos.
Recently, Thanos lent her and
her sister Nebula out to Ronan,
which leads us to believe that
Thanos and Ronan are working together.
Subject 89P13.
Calls itself "Rocket."
The result of illegal genetic
and cybernetic experiments
on a lower life form.
What the hell?
They call it "Groot."
A humanoid plant that's
been travelling recently
as 89P13's personal
houseplant/muscle.
Peter Jason Quill, from Terra.
Raised from youth by a band of
mercenaries called the Ravagers,
led by Yondu Udonta.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't know how
this machine worked.
What a bunch of a-holes.
I guess most of Nova
Corps wanna uphold the laws,
but these ones here,
they're corrupt and cruel.
But, hey, that's not my problem.
I ain't gonna be here long.
I've escaped 22 prisons.
This one's no different.
You're lucky the
broad showed up,
because otherwise, me and Groot
would be collecting
that bounty right now,
and you'd be getting
drawn and quartered
by Yondu and those Ravagers.
I've had a lot of folks try
to kill me over the years.
I ain't about to be brought down
by a tree and a talking raccoon.
Hold.
- What's a raccoon?
- "What's a raccoon?"
It's what you are, stupid.
Ain't no thing like
me, except me.
So, this Orb has a
real shiny blue suitcase,
Ark of the Covenant,
Maltese Falcon sort of vibe.
- What is it?
- I am Groot.
So what? What's the Orb?
I have no words for
an honorless thief.
Pretty high and mighty
coming from the lackey
of a genocidal maniac.
Yeah, I know who you are.
Anyone who's anyone
knows who you are.
Yeah, we know who you are.
- Who is she?
- I am Groot.
Yeah, you said that.
I wasn't retrieving
the Orb for Ronan.
I was betraying him.
I had an agreement
to sell it to a third party.
I am Groot.
Well, that's just as fascinating as
the first 89 times you told me that.
What is wrong with
Giving Tree, here?
Well, he don't know talking
good like me and you.
So his vocabulistics is limited
to "I" and "am" and "Groot."
Exclusively in that order.
I tell you what, that's gonna
wear real thin, real fast.
Hey.
Put that away.
Hey!
Listen to me, you big blue bastard.
Take those headphones off.
That's mine.
Those belong to impound.
That tape and
that player is mine!
Hooked on a Feeling,
Blue Swede, 1973.
That song belongs to me!
- You first! You first!
- Murderer!
Coming for you first, Gamora!
You're dead!
You're scum! You're scum!
It's like I said,
she's got a rep.
A lot of prisoners here
have lost their families
to Ronan and his goons.
She'll last a day, tops.
Murderer!
The guards will
protect her, right?
They're here to stop
us from getting out.
They don't care what we
do to each other inside.
Whatever nightmares
the future holds,
are dreams compared
to what's behind me.
Check out the new meat.
I'm gonna slather you
up in Gunavian jelly,
and go to town...
Let's make something clear.
This one here is our booty!
You wanna get to him,
you go through us!
Or, more accurately,
we go through you.
I'm with them.
I hate you.
No cell's gonna
protect you for long.
You're dead!
Dead!
Secretary Ross has
a Congressional
Medal of Honor...
which is one more than you have.
So let's say we
agree to this thing.
How long is it gonna
be before they LoJack us
like a bunch of
common criminals?
117 countries want to sign this.
117, Sam, and you're just like,
"No, that's cool. We got it."
How long are you
going to play both sides?
I have an equation.
Oh, this will clear it up.
In the eight years
since Mr. Stark
announced himself as Iron Man...
the number of known
enhanced persons
has grown exponentially.
During the same period...
the number of potentially
world-ending events
has risen at a
commensurate rate.
Are you saying it's our fault?
I'm saying there
may be a causality.
Our very strength
invites challenge.
Challenge incites conflict.
And conflict...
breeds catastrophe.
Oversight...
Oversight is not an idea that
can be dismissed out of hand.
Boom.
Tony.
You are being
uncharacteristically
non-hyperverbal.
It's because he's
already made up his mind.
Boy, you know me so well.
Actually, I'm nursing an
electromagnetic headache.
That's what's going on, Cap.
It's just pain.
It's discomfort.
Who's putting coffee
grounds in the disposal?
Am I running a bed and
breakfast for a biker gang?
Oh, that's Charles
Spencer, by the way.
He's a great kid.
Computer engineering
degree, 3.6 GPA...
had a floor-level gig at
Intel planned for the fall.
But first, he wanted to put
a few miles on his soul...
before he parked it behind a desk.
See the world.
Maybe be of service.
Charlie didn't want
to go to Vegas or
Fort Lauderdale,
which is what I would do.
He didn't go to Paris or
Amsterdam, which sounds fun.
He decided to spend his summer
building sustainable
housing for the poor.
Guess where. Sokovia.
He wanted to make a
difference, I suppose.
We won't know because we dropped
a building on him while
we were kicking ass.
There's no decision-making
process here.
We need to be put in check!
Whatever form
that takes, I'm game.
If we can't accept limitations,
if we're boundary-less...
we're no better
than the bad guys.
Tony, someone dies on
your watch, you don't give up.
Who said we're giving up?
We are if we're not taking
responsibility for our actions.
This document
just shifts the blame.
I'm sorry, Steve.
That is dangerously arrogant.
This is the United
Nations we're talking about.
It's not the World
Security Council,
it's not S.H.I.E.L.D.,
it's not HYDRA.
No, but it's run by people
with agendas, and
agendas change.
That's good.
That's why I'm here.
When I realized what my weapons
were capable of in
the wrong hands...
I shut it down and
stopped manufacturing.
Tony, you chose to do that.
If we sign this, we
surrender our right to choose.
What if this panel
sends us somewhere
we don't think we should go?
What if there is
somewhere we need to go
and they don't let us?
We may not be perfect,
but the safest hands
are still our own.
If we don't do this now,
it's gonna be done to us later.
That's the fact.
That won't be pretty.
You're saying
they'll come for me.
We would protect you.
Maybe Tony's right.
If we have one
hand on the wheel,
we can still steer.
If we take it off...
Aren't you the same woman
who told the government
to kiss her ass a few years ago?
I'm just reading the terrain.
We have made some
very public mistakes.
We need to win their trust back.
Focus up. I'm sorry.
Did I just mishear you...
or did you agree with me?
I want to take it back now.
No, you can't retract it.
Thank you. Unprecedented.
Okay. Case closed. I win.
I have to go.
And now, I would like
to invite Sharon Carter
to come up and say a few words.
Margaret Carter
was known to most
as a founder of S.H.I.E.L.D...
but I just knew
her as Aunt Peggy.
She had a photograph
in her office.
Aunt Peggy standing next to JFK.
As a kid, that was pretty cool.
But it was a lot to live up to.
Which is why I never told
anyone we were related.
I asked her once how she managed
to master diplomacy
and espionage...
in a time when no
one wanted to see
a woman succeed at either.
She said, compromise
where you can.
But where you can't, don't.
Even if everyone is telling you
that something wrong
is something right.
Even if the whole world
is telling you to move...
it is your duty to plant
yourself like a tree...
look them in the eye
and say "No, you move."
When I came out of the ice,
I thought everyone I
had known was gone.
Then I found out she was alive.
I was just lucky to have her.
She had you back, too.
Who else signed?
Tony, Rhodey, Vision.
Clint?
Says he's retired.
Wanda? TBD.
I'm off to Vienna for the
signing of the Accords.
There's plenty
of room on the jet.
Just because it's the
path of least resistance...
doesn't mean it's
the wrong path.
Staying together
is more important
than how we stay together.
What are we giving up to do it?
I'm sorry, Nat.
I can't sign it.
I know.
Then what are you doing here?
I didn't want you to be alone.
Come here.
Dr. Pym?
Yes. I'm still alive.
ID?
Perhaps that will suffice.
Very sorry, sir. Please come in.
Is that Hank Pym?
Good morning, Hank.
Hope.
Would it kill you
to call me Dad?
Dr.
Cross will be so pleased that
you could find the
time to join us today.
More like "thrilled."
I was surprised to receive any
kind of invitation from you, Darren.
What's the occasion?
Oh, you'll see. Won't he, Hope?
We're ready for you inside.
Ouch.
I guess some old
wounds never heal, huh?
Don't worry, she's
in good hands.
You're in for a treat.
Long time, no see, Dr. Pym.
How's retirement?
How's your face?
After you.
Now, before we start, I'd like to
introduce a very special guest.
This company's
founder and my mentor,
Dr. Hank Pym.
When I took over this
company for Dr. Pym,
I immediately started
researching a particle
that could change the
distance between atoms,
while increasing
density and strength.
Why this revolutionary
idea remained buried
beneath the dust and cobwebs of
Hank's research,
I couldn't tell you.
But just imagine,
a soldier the size of an insect.
The ultimate secret weapon.
An Ant-Man.
That's what they called you.
Right, Hank?
Silly, I know.
Propaganda.
Tales to astonish!
Trumped-up BS to scare the USSR.
Hank, will you tell our
guests what you told me
every single time I asked you,
"Was the Ant-Man real?"
Just a tall tale.
Right.
Because how could anything
so miraculous possibly be real?
Well, I was inspired by
the legend of the Ant-Man.
And with my breakthrough
shrinking inorganic material,
I thought, could it be
possible to shrink a person?
Could that be done?
Well, it's not a legend anymore.
Distinguished guests,
I am proud to present the
end of warfare as we know it.
The Yellowjacket!
Oh, no.
The Yellowjacket is an
all-purpose weapon of war
capable of altering
the size of the wearer
for the ultimate
combat advantage.
We live in an era
in which the weapons
we use to protect ourselves
are undermined by
constant surveillance.
It's time to return
to a simpler age.
One where the powers of freedom
can once again operate openly
to protect their interests.
An all-purpose
peace-keeping vessel,
the Yellowjacket can
manage any conflict
on the geopolitical landscape
completely unseen.
Efficient in both preventative
measures and tactical assault.
Practical applications
include surveillance,
industrial sabotage,
and the elimination of
obstructions on the road to peace.
A single Yellowjacket
offers the user
unlimited influence
to carry out protective actions.
And, one day soon, an
army of Yellowjackets
will create a
sustainable environment
of well-being around the world.
The Yellowjacket.
So, it's a suit?
Don't be crude, Frank.
It's not a suit, it's a vessel.
What's the matter?
You're not impressed?
No, I'm impressed.
I'm also concerned.
Imagine what our enemies
could do with this tech.
We should have a longer
conversation about that, Frank.
I really value your opinion.
Thank you for coming. Hope?
Thank you very much, everybody.
I will escort you out now.
Thank you.
You seem a bit shocked.
Darren, there's a reason
that I buried these secrets.
So you finally admit it!
We could have done this together, Hank.
But you ruined that.
That's why you're the
past and I'm the future.
Don't do this.
Dr. Cross?
You sell to me first, 20%
over your asking price,
I can have the cash
here in two weeks.
Deal.
We have to make our move, Hank.
How close is he?
He still can't
shrink a live subject.
Just give me the suit and let
me finish this once and for all.
No.
I have Cross' complete trust.
It's too dangerous.
We don't have a choice.
Well, that's not entirely true.
I think I found a guy.
Who?
Why would you lock this up?
This is so weird.
Scotty, what's up, man?
I wonder... What is this?
The world sure seems different
from down here,
doesn't it, Scott?
What? Who said that?
Luis, down here!
It's a trial by fire, Scott.
Or, in this case,
water.
Guess you're tougher
than you thought.
Oh, I don't want to see this!
Luis!
Son of a...
What the hell?
Not bad for a test drive.
Keep the suit. I'll be in touch.
No! No! No, thank you!
Get down on the ground!
You are under arrest!
No, I didn't steal anything!
I was returning something I stole.
Oh...
Don't move.
I'm sorry you have such deep
concerns about the Yellowjacket, Frank.
Yeah. Well, uh...
Unfortunately, we can't
just do whatever we want.
It'd be nice though, right?
But there are laws.
What laws? Of man?
The laws of nature
transcend the laws of man.
And I've transcended
the laws of nature.
Darren, I don't think
you understand...
Hmm.
We still haven't
worked out all the bugs.
Goodbye, Frank.
Thank you.
You know, I've been thinking
a lot about gratitude lately.
And today, during my
morning meditation,
an interesting thought
occurred to me,
and I think it might
apply to you, too.
How's that?
Gratitude can be forgiveness.
I've spent years carrying
around my anger for Hank Pym.
I devoted my genius to him.
I could have worked anywhere.
I chose my mentor poorly.
You didn't even have a choice.
He never believed in you.
It's a shame what we had to do,
but he forced us
to do it, didn't he?
But we shouldn't be angry,
we should be grateful.
Because his
failures as a mentor,
as a father,
forced us to spread our wings.
You're a success, Darren.
You deserve everything
coming your way.
If we're gonna get out of here,
we're gonna need to
get into that watchtower.
And to do that, I'm
gonna need a few things.
The guards wear security bands
to control their ins and outs.
I need one.
Leave it to me.
That dude, there.
I need his prosthetic leg.
- His leg?
- Yeah.
God knows I don't need the rest of him.
Look at him, he's useless.
All right.
And finally, on the wall back there
is a black panel. Blinky yellow light.
- Do you see it?
- Yeah.
There's a quarnyx battery behind it.
Purplish box, green wires.
To get into that watchtower,
I definitely need it.
How are we supposed to do that?
Well, supposably, these
bald-bodies find you attractive.
So, maybe you can work
out some sort of trade.
You must be joking.
No, I really heard
they find you attractive.
Look, it's 20
feet up in the air,
and it's in the middle of the most
heavily-guarded part of the prison.
It's impossible to get up
there without being seen.
I got one plan,
and that plan requires
a frickin' quarnyx battery,
so figure it out!
Oh!
Can I get back to it? Thanks.
Now, this is important.
Once the battery is removed,
everything is gonna slam
into emergency mode.
Once we have it, we
gotta move quickly,
so you definitely
need to get that last.
Or we could just get
it first and improvise.
- I'll get the armband.
- Leg.
Prisoner,
drop the device immediately
and retreat to your cell,
or we will open fire.
I am
Groot!
Fire!
All prisoners return
to your sleeping areas.
You idiot!
How am I supposed to fight
these things without my stuff?
The animal is in control.
Fire on my command!
Creepy little beast!
Oh, yeah.
You need my what?
- I'll need this.
- Good luck.
It's internally wired.
I'll figure something out.
Drop the leg!
Drop the leg and
move back to your cell!
Rocket!
Move to the watchtower!
You!
Man who has lain
with an A'askavariian!
It was one time, man.
We need all available
guards in full combat gear...
Whoa!
Spare me your foul gaze, woman.
Why is this one here?
We promised him he could stay
by your side until he kills your boss.
I always keep my promises,
when they're to
muscle-bound whack-jobs
who will kill me if I don't.
Here you go.
Oh, I was just
kidding about the leg.
I just need these two things.
- What?
- No, I thought it'd be funny.
Was it funny?
Oh, wait, what did he
look like hopping around?
I had to transfer
him 30,000 units!
How are we going to leave?
Well, he's got a plan.
Right?
Or is that another thing you made up?
I have a plan! I have a plan!
Cease your yammering
and relieve us from this
irksome confinement.
Yeah, I'll have to agree
with the walking thesaurus
on that one.
Do not ever call me a thesaurus.
It's just a metaphor, dude.
His people are completely literal.
Metaphors are gonna go over his head.
Nothing goes over my head.
My reflexes are too fast.
I would catch it.
I'm gonna die surrounded by
the biggest idiots in the galaxy.
Those are some big guns.
On my command!
Number one!
Rodent, we are
ready for your plan.
Hold on!
Number two!
I recognize this animal.
We'd roast them over
a flame pit as children.
Their flesh was quite delicious.
Not helping!
Number three!
All fire on my command!
Three!
Two!
One!
He turned off the
artificial gravity,
everywhere but in here.
I told you I had a plan.
That was a pretty good plan.
Huh?
Yeah! There it is. Get my ship.
It's the Milano, the orange
and blue one over in the corner.
They crumpled my
pants up into a ball.
That's rude! They folded yours.
The Orb's there. Let's go.
- Wait, wait, wait.
- What?
That bastard didn't put it back.
- Put what back?
- Here.
Get them to the ship.
I will be right back.
- How are you gonna possibly...
- Just keep the Milano close by.
Go.
Go!
Ah, my neck!
Well, how's he gonna get to us?
He declined to share
that information with me.
Well, screw this, then!
I ain't waiting around for
some humie with a death wish.
You got the Orb, right?
Yes.
If we don't leave now,
we will be blown to bits.
No!
We're not leaving
without the Orb.
Behold.
This one shows spirit.
He shall make a keen ally
in the battle against Ronan.
Companion, what
were you retrieving?
You're an imbecile.
At a special United
Nations conference...
117 countries have come together
to ratify the Sokovia Accords.
Excuse me, Ms. Romanoff?
Yes? These need your signature.
Thank you. Thanks.
I suppose neither of us
is used to the spotlight.
Oh, well, it's not
always so flattering.
You seem to be
doing all right so far.
Considering your
last trip to Capitol Hill...
I wouldn't think
you'd be particularly
comfortable in this company.
Well, I'm not.
And that alone makes me glad
you are here, Ms. Romanoff.
Why?
You don't approve of all this?
The Accords, yes.
The politics, not really.
Two people in a room can
get more done than a hundred.
Unless you need to move a piano.
Ms. Romanoff.
King T'Chaka.
Please, allow me to apologize
for what happened in Nigeria.
Thank you.
Thank you for
agreeing to all of this.
I'm sad to hear
that Captain Rogers
will not be joining us today.
Yes, so am I.
If everyone could
please be seated.
This assembly is now in session.
That is the future calling.
Such a pleasure.
Thank you.
When stolen Wakandan vibranium
was used to make
a terrible weapon...
we in Wakanda were
forced to question our legacy.
Those men and
women killed in Nigeria...
were part of a goodwill mission
from a country too
long in the shadows.
We will not, however, let
misfortune drive us back.
We will fight to improve
the world we wish to join.
I am grateful to the Avengers
for supporting this initiative.
Wakanda is proud
to extend its hand in peace.
Everybody get down!